Hi girls, the girl said only there.
Today I'm here with Lorena to tell.
a novelty for you
We 're going to build a little
Doll it it
Grandpa gives it will make a little
Lorena doll here in my back yard.
still play
the line fahey santa and happy that
them so we always wanted a
little house
there we saw a lot of people
vile day that she is plastic and such but there
It's my father who is a bricklayer and he told
people dieting would make me
get bigger to make a better size
because those that are plastic from
wood they the smallest not that not
It was good, but what are we going to do?
Let's do a bigger zinha then she
will have one and 80 by 2 21 is so big
also
and we will do it here in my backyard
Then I'll show you how I
yard is now hills and do not see
will actually show the way it is
I did not move on him yet we're going to mess around
it tomorrow morning my father came to take the
measures and such
and we are going to break or have here
break and lock it so it's me
make videos showing you
the steps that, as we have been
I'll show you in May.
I even happy'll do alone
Who wants to do it alone or do I go?
Not even going to show up at the girls' house.
so girls who want to see us
follow our videos
just stay connected on my channel if
sign up here for those who are not yet
written and now I'll take you there to
see as it is not scary level
everything will turn into a
well then whoever wants to see it continues
existing good service then girls
here is the command of what will be the
dollhouse dollhouse
lorraine to my backyard tv he's a
little piece of yard and also by her
stay here and will be here will transform
the messy show the way it is
even for you to see the whole painting
ugly whole peeling
then we will do all these things
on here
after you take everything out of here, it's the window
of my room
We're going to close this window and we're going
put this wall here I fell here have
That sink line will destroy everything.
it goes on this wall here it goes
close the house does not always close
here by the door
here you will find corridors of a
area of ​​much mess here has a bit
wood has gray
There's a lot of messed up people here.
will organize all this to talk
to react well to the lines will stay there strip
pt that will be sending house to team
gauze walk was in my house nobody
will only do it right
happy, on my cue, talk to the
girls
You see, there are three shelves in this
vaccine is this sorry party down
I'm going to break both of them, says Lula.
The legend still does not know that I'm still going
talk to my father, what I say
break these two so I'll leave
that low I intend to do
A brunette just want to make a good
match and know she's here goes
stay with a sofa reason big there
Little house goes well until I sign up here.
in this space that will be dust and the area
in the cottage
So let's see how it goes after I
I'll show everything I do not know if I'm
very anxious on the new line tomorrow morning, right?
the head has a career has this desk
plastic hit a shelter will stay
cool
I hope you follow and I think
That will look good, and I'll go.
show the steps all the steps that the
people are doing every day that they finish
Yes, I'll show you how.
quetta the process
I think it's going to be fast because I
just have to lift a wall in the
true, right?
a wall and make the roof to me
I want her not too loud, she has to
stay more or less her roof
I have to stay like this, you know I do not
has that window you she window
my bathroom
so I think it's going to be a good time
and that's what makes the day marcito